# LDD Directory Lite

> This is a fork of the [LDD Business Directory](http://wordpress.org/plugins/ldd-business-directory/) plugin. Going forward the original plugin is considered unsupported and all active development will occur under the new name, LDD Directory Lite.

* **Working Version**: 0.5.1-beta
* **Latest Stable**: 
* **Contributors**: [@mwaterous](https://github.com/mwaterous)

LDD Directory Lite is a great way to add a powerful, feature rich and completely free custom directory to your WordPress web site.

Installation and configuration takes mere moments, and you can quickly start building a content rich directory of local businesses, restaurants, municipal services, non-profit organizations, or almost any other type of listing you can think of. Set your location, and build a completely local list of organizations or events, or leave it open and have an international directory.

Our Directory is extremely user friendly, ready to go almost straight out of the box. One of our primary focuses is on the user experience, and that includes both you as the site owner, and your visitors. Keeping with the progression of technology, we have ensured that all front end views generated by the plugin are 100% responsive and mobile ready; installing our plugin won't affect all the hard work you've put into ensuring your web site is usable on any medium!

### Here are just a few of the many features:

* Easy to install, easy to configure
* Add the `[directory]` shortcode to any page
* Customize the look and feel as much, or as little as you want
* Features can easily be enabled or disabled on the dashboard
* Fully customizable email notifications, for the admin and the user
* Focus on internationalization, this plugin works for everyone
* Clean, fully responsive interface
* Social media integration, build traffic for your users
* Google maps integration
* Live search, see your results as you type
* Powerful multi-part submission form

### Coming soon:

* User control panel, manage multiple listings and maintain full control over editing
* Premium modules, extend the capabilities of the Directory with features like import/export
* Shortcodes to display



## Installation

###### *You should always back up your data before making major changes to the way your production web site functions.*

Installation is easiest when done through your WordPress Dashboard:
Select the **Add New** option under your **Plugins** menu, type in *LDD Directory Lite* and install directly from the repository.

If you prefer to install manually, follow these steps;

1. Download the latest stable version from [WordPress.org](http://wordpress.org/plugins/ldd-directory-lite/)
2. Upload the archive contents to your `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
3. Activate the plugin from the **Plugins** menu on your dashboard
4. Navigate to the **Directory [lite]** menu option, and customize the settings to your needs
5. Insert the `[directory]` shortcode on to any page you want the directory to appear on (this can even be your home page).

If you have any questions or are unsure about any part of the process, don't hesitate to ask for help in the [WordPress.org Support Forums](http://wordpress.org/support/plugin/ldd-directory-lite)

## Upgrading from LDD Business Directory

###### *You do not need to deactivate or uninstall the LDD Business Directory plugin before activating LDD Directory Lite.*

This plugin is a rewrite of the [LDD Business Directory](http://wordpress.org/plugins/ldd-business-directory/). As such, you can upgrade to LDD Directory Lite from LDD Business Directory *without* losing any of your content.



1. Install and activate the plugin using the instructions [here](http://wordpress.org/plugins/ldd-directory-lite/installation/).
2. The plugin will collect all your existing content and import it automatically.

As of now the plugin *does not* remove the data from the original Directory plugin. It also does not store any of its own data in the same locations, so the two datasets are completely separate.

While this does leave some clutter behind, it also ensures a painless upgrade path. Until the plugin has successfully been upgraded on a few hundred more sites, we chose not to remove your old data in case you either wanted to roll back to using the original plugin, or on the chance that something went awry with the beta.

A future version of LDD Directory Lite will scan for this leftover data and ask if you want to remove it.



### Using the Dashboard

1. From the Plugins management page, find and download `LDD Directory Lite`. Don't activate it, and return to the Plugins page.
2. Deactivate `LDD Business Directory` from the Plugins page. Don't worry, you won't lose any data!
3. Activate `LDD Directory Lite`.
4. Last but not least, delete `LDD Business Directory` using the option on your Plugins page.
5. That's it.

### Via FTP

1. Download the `LDD Directory Lite` archive from [WordPress.org](http://wordpress.org/plugins/ldd-directory-lite) and uncompress it.
2. Connect to your site via FTP and navigate to the `wp-content/plugins` directory.
3. Upload `ldd-directory-lite/` to the same directory and delete `wp-content/plugins/ldd-business-directory`.
4. Navigate to your WordPress dashboard and you should receive a message that `LDD Business Directory` has been deactivated due to missing files.
5. From the Plugins management page, activate `LDD Directory Lite`.

## Issues & Bug Reports

**Please direct all bug reports to our [GitHub Issue Tracker](https://github.com/mwaterous/ldd-directory-lite/issues)**

You are more than welcome to post problems and questions in the [WordPress.org Support Forums](http://wordpress.org/support/plugin/ldd-directory-lite), and we will do our best to respond in a timely fashion. Most posts will be answered within 3-5 business days.

If you have discovered an issue that you feel needs our attention, please take a look at our [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/mwaterous/ldd-directory-lite/issues) page. You can open a New Issue to let us know what you found.

Please try to include as much information as possible, including steps that we can take to reproduce the issue and any other information that may be pertinent to your particular situation. If you can, include a list of other plugins you are running (in case it may be a conflict), what version of WordPress you're using, and any error messages or notices you saw.

**Feature requests can also be posted on the [GitHub Issue Tracker](https://github.com/mwaterous/ldd-directory-lite/issues).**
